01. update my resume in static files (in english)
02. Make an application to generate a personalized nutritional plan.
43. Make the exercise routine
44. Login to nutrition and exercise projects

100. Doing Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence project

990. Review and update my resume if necessary.
    Description
        I am happy solving problems, helping others, and learning new things.

    How can I help you?
        You will be adding to your company a person willing to help the team in any task needed.
        Through my analytical skills I will solve any kind of problems that may arise on a daily basis.
        You will be hiring an enthusiastic person, who can work alone or in a team, and who is constantly looking for ways to generate new solutions, or optimize existing processes.
        My knowledge of Python, Django, Bootstrap, Economics, Finance and Statistics, added to my extensive work experience in all types of companies and teams, make my incorporation extremely fluid and effective.
    
    What am I looking for?
        Two years ago I discovered that I want to work as a developer for the rest of my life. I like to be useful solving problems and automating processes.
        I am looking for a company that gives me an opportunity to demonstrate my skills and knowledge, and I offer my absolute commitment to be able to collaborate with whatever the company and the team needs.
        In the medium term, I want to continue learning about machine learning, artificial intelligence and blockchain programming.

(Looking for resumes or readmes of people who know python and django)

    Education
        Python at Coderhouse
        MBA at UADE
        Degree in Economics at UBA

    Languajes
        Advanced English
        Advanced Portuguese
        Native Spanish

    Programming skills - What I Know
        Programming skills
        PYTHON, DJANGO, BOOTSTRAP, PANDAS, NUMPY, MATHPLOTLIB, HTML/CSS, SQL, APIs, VBA, GIT, EXCEL (Macros included), POWER QUERY and POWER BI.
        PS: In 2023 I will be taking the Data Sciense course at Coderhouse. In addition, I am still learning Machine Learning, AI and SOLIDITY on my own.

        What I Know
        Reverse Engineer: I can learn fast having a final product to tear apart piece by piece. I break the code where I need to figure out why things work the way they do. Documentation is just a reference.

    My work experience
        I am looking for my first experience working as a developer.
        In addition to the Python course done at Coderhouse, I am permanently training myself through applications and Youtube videos that I replicate to analyze the effects of each programming line.
        In the past, I have worked for national and multinational companies, generally in administrative or finance areas.
        I have experience working in Accounts Payable, Risk Management, and Treasury; in Power Generators, Banks, and Laboratories.

        Estoy buscando mi primera experiencia trabajando como desarrollador.
        Además del curso de Python realizado en Coderhouse, me capacito permanentemente a través de aplicaciones y videos de Youtube que replico para analizar los efectos de cada linea de programación.
        En el pasado, he trabajado para empresas nacionales y multinacionales, generalmente en áreas administrativas o de finanzas.
        Tengo experiencia trabajando en Cuentas a Pagar, Tesorería, y Gerencia de Riesgo; en Laboratorios, Bancos, y Generadoras de Energía.

    My projects
        As a final assignment for the Python course at Coderhouse, I made this Travel Blog with a teammate.
        At the same time, for this portfolio, I created Fast-Reading, a project that formats texts to facilitate a more efficient reading.
        Soon I will be developing a project to generate personalized food diets, from an Excel that I created myself.
        Then I want to develop a project that uses an API and is linked to finance and investments; and a project that generates personalized physical exercise routines for the gym.
        Additionally, I intend to continue improving my English level, and learning about Machine Learning, Solidity and Artificial Intelligence.

    Roadmap
        I will soon develop a project to generate personalized food diets, based on an Excel file I have created.
        Then I want to develop a project that uses an API and is linked to finance and investments; and a project that generates personalized physical exercise routines for the gym.
        Additionally, I intend to continue improving my English level, and learning about Machine Learning, Solidity and Artificial Intelligence.

998. Make a video explaining how every project works, and showing and explaining a little the code

1000 Comments in the blog